Added email to docker-compose (#8)
Amsterdam/waarnemingen-dashboard: README.md

# waarnemingen-dashboard

> This is a dashboard to create some sexy looking graphs of the cmsa data from 
> the [waarnemingen-mensen](https://github.com/amsterdam/waarnemingen-mensen) project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a dashboard in order to visualize data for the following projects:
- [waarnemingen-mensen](https://github.com/amsterdam/waarnemingen-mensen)
- [waarnemingen-boten](https://github.com/amsterdam/waarnemingen-boten)
- [waarnemingen-voertuigen](https://github.com/amsterdam/waarnemingen-voertuigen)
```
